cpp/incorrect-string-type-conversion false positive fixes (#15448)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/src/change-notes/2024-01-29-false_positive_incorrect_string_type_conversion.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Corrected 2 false positive with `cpp/incorrect-string-type-conversion`: conversion of byte arrays to w_char and new array allocations converted to w_char.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Corrected 2 false positive with `cpp/incorrect-string-type-conversion`: conversion of byte arrays to wchar and new array allocations converted to wchar.
```
